Tutorials done for the Team Project text file
I had spoken to Jasper Lyons regarding commits for those doing tutorials at the start of their
team project. I was advised to create a text file containing what I had learnt. As this conversation
took place on Thursday 24th of January, the first commit will contain what I had done prior to this
from when the sprint had started on Monday 21st of January.

1. https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/ - Prior to and including the 24th January 2019
	From here I had figured out what programs I had needed to install in order to code and run the
	planned program. Initially, I had installed Intellij and installed both the Flutter and Dart
	plug-in along with Android Studio (plug-in) through the IDE itself, however I had learnt that 
	I had to also install Android Studio on its own through the website link provided. From there,
	I followed the provided tutorial to successfully install Intellij with the required add-ons,
	test and install the Android emulator provided with Android Studio and successfully create my
	first Flutter application using the https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/codelab tutorial.
	I plan to allocated some time over the next few days to continue with the other tutorials provided
	on https://flutter.io/docs/get-started/learn-more so I can quickly assist the rest of my team to
	develop the application.
	
	TL;DR:
	What I had done: 						Installed Intellij with the required plug-ins and Android Studio (standalone)
											and developed my first application using the tutorial.
	What will I do before the next scrum:	Do enough tutorials from the "learn-more" section provided on the flutter 
											website
											Meet up with the team to figure out what needs to be done before the next scrum
											and do respective tasks.
	What obstacles am I facing:				As of typing this particular text file, none as I had resolved all of my issues
											regarding the installation installation and use of Android Studio within Intellij
											(for some odd reason, Intellij could not detect an OS to emulate from Android Studio
											but by adding a new Android VM within Android Studio, this was resolved). Just need
											more time to progress.

2. https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/javadoc-api/index.html (Using the API link as I made some references to this API) - Prior to and including the 24th January 2019
	Currently I am resolving an issue when installing Intellij Ultimate Edition as I haven't received the email yet to allow myself to install it. The ultimate edition of
	Intellij is needed to be able to use Spring (as learnt on https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/spring-support.html) so I am currently trying to figure out how to resolve this.
	As I am still trying to resolve this, I had instead used https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_environment_setup.htm to learn Spring through Eclipse as there were no
	issues with it. I have done the tutorials up to and including https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_environment_setup.htm without issue.
	
	What I had done: 						Installed Spring on Eclipse and done some of the tutorials.
	What will I do before the next scrum:	Attempt to resolve the Intellij issue so I can actually use Spring on Intellij. Continue more of the tutorials.
	What obstacles am I facing:				Cannot install Spring on Intellij, am looking to redeem Intellij Ultimate so I can actually do this.

3. Following on from "2." where I install IntelliJ ultimate - 25th January 2019 to 27th January 2019
	What I had done: 						Installed IntelliJ Ultimate and successfully added spring as was able to do IntelliJ Spring tutorials
	What will I do before the next scrum:	Resolve further complex issues caused by Android Studio and the new IntelliJ installation, may be something
											to do with environment variables on my PC however that is something I need to figure. Continue with Flutter
											tutorials when this is resolved, I had like to do more until the 28th however I am unable to do them due to
											the reinstallation.
	What obstacles am I facing:				Cannot run applications within IntelliJ Ultimate right now. I had asked in the our Slack group as to
											what the issue may be and was advised by Emil to instead use Android Studio just for app development
											Discovered that the issue persists on Android Studio so it's an issue that is local to my PC and not the
											the IDEs. Am attempting to resolve this ASAP.
							
4. Following on from "3." installing on a different device and seeing if I can resolve the issue otherwise - 28th January 2019
	What have I done:						I decided to install both IntelliJ and Android Studio on another device and see if I could resolve the issue. Using flutter doctor to
											diagnose issues, I was able to install and emulate software and code without issue. This means that the issue that has persisted is
											definitely solvable will be something I intend to resolve in the very near future.
	What will I do before the next scrum:	Fix the issues I am having with my installation of IntelliJ/Android Studio and catch up on tutorials as a lot of time was lost trying to
											resolve this.
	What obstacles am I facing:				Same obstacle as 3. however I have made progress on as to what the issue may be, will attempt to reinstall when I next get access to my
											primary PC.